Rework readme (#68)
Sensirion/embedded-common: i2c/README.md

# Getting started

To get the embedded driver for your Sensirion Sensor working there are now
only a few steps missing. These steps are needed since our driver is made
in a way that it is possible to run it on different hardware platforms.
So we need to adjust two files according to your platform.

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

The first one is `sensirion_i2c_hal.c`.
In this file it is implemented how to send your requests to the Sensor.

> How this is done depends on your hardware platform therefore we can't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How this is done depends on your hardware platform. Therefore we can't
```

provide just one version of this code. The default version of this file

> used is an empty one, where you could implement it yourself. Luckily
> for most common platforms we provide already implemented versions in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used is an empty one, where you could implement it yourself. For
some common platforms we provide an implementation in
```

the `sample-implementations` folder.
If you are using for example a Linux based platform like Raspberry Pi

> you can just replace the unimplemented file with the provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can just replace the unimplemented HAL template with the provided
```

> implementation in `sample-implementations/linux_user_space/` like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implementation in `sample-implementations/linux_user_space/` by replacing the template with the actual implementation:
```

```
cp sample-implementations/linux_user_space/sensirion_i2c_hal.c ./
```

If you are on a different platform just use one of the other sample
implementations or implement `sensirion_i2c_hal.c` yourself.

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

The second file is `sensirion_config.h`.
If you are on a Linux based platform you can skip this part since
everything is already correctly setup for you.

> Otherwise you need to check if the libraries `<stdint.h>` and

Reviewer: see changes proposed above (I2C)

`<stdlib.h>` are present on your system. If you have no idea on
how to do that you can skip this step for now and come back when
you get errors including these names when trying to compile your
driver.
If those libraries are not present you need to specify the following
integer types yourself:
* `int64_t` = signed 64bit integer
* `uint64_t` = unsigned 64bit integer
* `int32_t` = signed 32bit integer
* `uint32_t` = unsigned 32bit integer
* `int16_t` = signed 16bit integer
* `uint16_t` = unsigned 16bit integer
* `int8_t` = signed 8bit integer
* `uint8_t` = unsigned 8bit integer

In addition to that you will need to specify `NULL`.
For both we have a commented template where just need to fill in
your system specific values.

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Now we are ready to compile and run the example usage for your sensor.
This is again specific to your platform. Since this step can vary quite
a lot we here just explain how to do it on Linux based platforms. In
general you now just need to take all the `.c` and `.h` files directly in
this folder pass them to your favorite C compiler and run the resulting
binary. For Linux systems this is done by following these steps:

1. Open up a terminal.
2. Navigate the directory where this README is located.
3. Run `make`, this compiles all the code here to one binary.
4. Run `./[SENSORNAME]_example_usage`, where you replace `[SENSORNAME]`
   with your sensors name. This will run your newly compiled binary.
5. Now you should see the first measurement values appear in your terminal.
   As a next step you can adjust the example usage file or write your own
   main function to use the sensor.

We hope this tutorial was helpful and you are now able to use the embedded drivers

> to communicate with your Sensirion Sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to communicate with your Sensirion sensor.
```

# Background

## Files

### sensirion\_i2c.[ch]

In these files you can find the implementation of the I2C protocol used by Sensirion
sensors. The functions in these files are used by the embedded driver to build the
correct frame out of data to be sent to the sensor or receive a frame of data from
the sensor and convert is back to data readable by your machine. The functions in
here calculate and check CRCs, reorder bytes for different byte orders and build the
correct formatted frame for your sensor.

### sensirion\_i2c\_hal.[ch]

In these files you can find the implementation of the hardware abstraction layer used
by Sensirion I2C embedded drivers. This part of the code is specific to the underlying
hardware platform, therefore multiple implementations exist. We also provide an

> unimplemented file for the user to implement himself or herself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unimplemented template for the user to implement.
```

In the `sample-implementations/` folder we provide implementations for the most common
platforms.

### sensirion\_config.h

In this file we keep all the included libraries for our drivers and global defines.

> Next to `sensirion_i2c_hal.c` it's the only file you should need to edit to get your
> driver working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next to `sensirion_i2c_hal.c` *it's the only file you should need to edit to get your
driver working.*
```

# Getting started

To get the embedded driver for your Sensirion Sensor working there are now
only a few steps missing. These steps are needed since our driver is made
in a way that it is possible to run it on different hardware platforms.
So we need to adjust two files according to your platform.
The first one is `sensirion_i2c_hal.c`.

> In this file it is implemented how to send your requests to the Sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this file it is implemented how to send your requests to the sensor.
```

check if there are other instances of capitalized Sensors

only a few steps missing. These steps are needed since our driver is made
in a way that it is possible to run it on different hardware platforms.
So we need to adjust two files according to your platform.
The first one is `sensirion_i2c_hal.c`.

> In this file it is implemented how to send your requests to the sensor.

Reviewer 2: This file contains the implementation of the sensor communication (how to send requests to it)

> How this is done depends on your hardware platform. Therefore we can't

Reviewer 2: Therefore, ...

provide just one version of this code. The default version of this file

> used is an empty one, where you could implement it yourself. For

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this sentence: `The default version of this file used is an empty one, where you could implement it yourself.` So it's an empty file we provide? That means the user needs to implement it not `could`, right?

Author: Is this better? The default version of this file is an empty template, where you can implement it yourself.

In these files you can find the implementation of the hardware abstraction layer used
by Sensirion I2C embedded drivers. This part of the code is specific to the underlying
hardware platform, therefore multiple implementations exist. We also provide an

> unimplemented template for the user to implement.

Reviewer 2: This sounds much clearer to me compared to my previous comment. Can we write a similar instruction there?
